Mr. Yi
What's the matter with me?
Journalists, please have a seat
Reporter Liu
You must have heard about our recent affairs, right?
I see, but I believe in your character, Mr. Yi
But the Guangliu reporter believed it was useless.
I want everyone to believe
I have no problem with my wife.
Ok what do you want me to do
I want reporter Liu to help me publish an article
rumor-refuting statement
The content of the statement is that I want to buy the textile factory
As a birthday present for my wife
Pardon me?
You want to buy a textile mill?
That's the flag.
As far as I know
Private individuals can also purchase shares in the flag
And among the first batch of restructuring lists were textile mills
Mr. Yi, you are really well-informed.
The restructuring of state-owned enterprises is a national taboo
If you do
Not only will it receive support at the national level
And buy a company as big as a textile factory
Give to wife
The rumors in the newspapers must have been self-defeating
kill two birds with one stone
autumn
Buy a textile factory and give it to my wife as a double gift
Good for you!
So I also asked reporter Liu to help report
Don't worry.
Such reporting is in line with the national public policy
I would love that.
OK.
I'm going to my wife's factory to find the factory manager.
By the way, let my wife know
He's going to be the factory manager.